This function has the wrong return type.
The return type is void which means it's not returning any data at
all and we want this to be retained as string passText.
Even though we have a return statement at the end of our code,
nothing will be returned without a return type that matches.
Here's what the correct code looks like with
string as the return type since we are returning the string.
For our first option,
we know that passText is a string.
We initialize it to one at the very beginning of
our code and the values it takes are surrounded by double quotes.
For our return statement,
we have our return right at the end of our code that
returns the passText string, so this is correct.
It was just the wrong return type.
Next let's see an example of returning numbers.